Update README for why OpenVINO XAI &known issues (#41)
openvinotoolkit/openvino_xai: README.md

which highlights regions of the interest in the inputs from the models' perspective
to help users understand the reason why the complex AI models output such responses.

> Using this package, you can augment the model analysis & explanation feature

Reviewer: It's just a suggestion, but what do you think about adding the actual "Why OpenVINO-XAI" heading here?

Author: I don't think the "a few lines of code" is that much attractive for the heading.
I've just put a small "why" after the small "what".

Reviewer 2: We might probably need "Why OpenVINO-XAI" section somewhere in the readme.

But this new lines better be named "Where and how OV XAI". Although can be skipped from my perspective

Please refer to the following known issues for unsupported models and reasons.

* [Runtime error from ONNX / OpenVINO IR models while conversion or inference for XAI (#29)](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino_xai/issues/29)
* [Models not supported by white box XAI methods (#30)](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino_xai/issues/30)

> > **_WARNING:_**  OpenVINO XAI is fully validated on OpenVINO 2024.2.0. Following issue might be observed if used with older versions of OpenVINO.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **_WARNING:_**  OpenVINO XAI is fully validated on OpenVINO 2024.2.0. Following issue might be observed if older the version of OpenVINO is used.
```

Author: https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino_xai/pull/41/commits/7229f36fa5d51cf9aabac7f249341f53068ef103
